Lane one Connor green blue fish to
Robert Owen crimson aquatics invite f3
Anthony Marcantonio of crimson aquatics
in for jail Evelyn dynamo and Georgia v
Sam McGee Baylor Zimm Club six Jonathan
Roberts North Texas 7 Shawn Grisha
nitros swimming and in 8 Cory Okubo aqua
Zod so this heat consisting of 18 and
under swimmers in fact 7 out of the 8 18
years of age
alone 15 year-old Shawn grease up there
in lane 7 out like a rocket
Sam McHugh at 25.87
Sam building towards the 100 split
moving up in lane one is Connor green a
blue fish it is McHugh 56 to Roberts 56
7 green 56 7 per vine we need to hear
you right about now that's it stay with
them as they come by a that's your time
to cheers they move right in front of
you over there in Lane eight that is
Corey Okubo aquas on out of urban
hitting the 150 Connor green Sam McEwen
now Corey Okubo and here they go for a
drag race down the final 50 multiple
guys with a shot at the win here in the
C final Connor green digging it in lane
one here comes Lane 4j little and of
dynamo and it is J near the limit zero
one point nine five winning by one 100
over Jonathan Roberts North Texas third
is not green Chevy nitro zero to 60 well
that's a great race to get us started on
the men's side give him a round of
applause